In the past, we have seen development and operations be a completely separate entities.
That's less than ideal.
Developers will create code,
the code needs to be deployed to production,
and because of that operation needs to communicate with developers.
Operational, if you don't know,
is the part of IT that manages,
monitors, configures, and deploys software.
Their job is to make sure that the software for the business
is producing as suspected and it's running at top performance.
Now, software developers, what they do is they'll take
a requirement sheet and then they will turn it
into a piece of software that gets deployed.
Now, they'll pass information to
operationals folks that need to deploy the software and make sure it's running properly.
There's usual communication gaps in between those two groups of people.
The job of development and operation,
now in the world of DevOps,
is to integrate each other and get everything working
together as a team and not as two separate entities.